Improve contibutiong flow: Add issue and PR templates (#64)
shalb/cluster.dev: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- 🛈

 Hello!

 Remember to ADD A DESCRIPTION and delete this note before submitting

>  your pull request. The description should explain what will change,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 your pull request. The description should explain what will be changed,
```

 and why.

>  For overall help on editing and submitting pull requests, visit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For the detailed guidance on editing and submitting pull requests, please visit:
```
